A Chat With Hung Truong
Published on April 23, 2010.
I use Olark (formerly Hab.la) on my portfolio site.
It’s a widget thing that lets you chat with your visitors.
My friend Ben invented it, so check it out.
Anyway, some guy just started chatting with me on it.
He was also named Hung Truong.
Here’s the strangeness that ensued:
webuser5.1128 : yo me : hi webuser5.1128 : sup man me : not much bro webuser5.1128 : where u from?
me : uh, you’re on my portfolio webuser5.1128 : my name is hung truong 🙂 me : what me too webuser5.1128 : like seriously though i search my name in google and this website came out me : yeah, cool do you have a website?
webuser5.1128 : nope, but nice webste man me : thanks there’s also some hung truongs in the news webuser5.1128 : wow me : like one who killed a police officer or something that’s not me that’s not you either, right?
webuser5.1128 : hahaha nooooo!!
me : ok good webuser5.1128 : lol me : just checking to make sure webuser5.1128 : i was born in vietnam are you by any chance vietnamese ?
me : my name’s vietnamese but i’m actually chinese my parents lived in vietnam but i was born in the US webuser5.1128 : cool i g2g man nice talking to u dawg me : yeah you too bye webuser5.1128 : peace out [System] (visitor closed chat)